The QOR is a framework of interdependent modules usually built as co-dependent shared libraries.

Platform independent libraries:-

CompilerQOR:
	Compiler integration and preprocessor module. Enables the QOR to built with different compilers and provides a preprocessor library based on Boost PP
	
ArchQOR:
	Architecture integration module. Enabled the QOR to target different architectures and provides a JIT assembler based on Asm-JIT
	
CodeQOR:
	Basic containers smart pointers and utility types for the framework. Also classes and Macros for introspection and interception to enable AOP
	
SystemQOR:
	Provides representation of the Operating System and its facilities. All platform specific code also nominally belongs to SystemQOR
	
CQOR:
	A portable Posix 2008 C library layer over platform specific implementations in SystemQOR
	
stdQOR:
	A C++ standard library based on llvm/libc++
	
PosumQOR:
	A Posix Object module. Provides POSIX concepts as convenient object types.
	
MonkiQOR:
	The QOR GUI module. A facade over several alternative GUI implementations
	
MammutQOR:
	The QOR Data Model and Database module
	
HippoQOR:
	The QOR Mocking and Unit Test module
	
BluefootQOR
	A Streaming and pipeline module
	
AppocritaQOR
	Application and workflow control module
	
Qurses
	An ncurses based terminal UI modules
	
QORModule
	A static library linked into each and every QOR Module to make it a QOR Module.
	
Platform dependent libraries:-

Each platform xxx will have variations on a set like this

xxxQAPI or xxxQSys
	A low level kernel/API wrapper. Integration with the OS
	
xxxQL
	A higher level class library module
	
xxxQLyyy
	One or more sub units of the xxxQL module broken up along various lines
	
xxxPosum
	Posix Object integration module for support of PosumQOR
	
xxxSharedBootstrap
	A static library linked into each module as a bootstrap
	
xxxUsrExeBoot
	A static library linked into executables as a bootstrap
	
Platform and Compiler dependent libraries:-

xxxCmpSupQORYYYY
	Static libraries linked into each modules built with compiler YYYY on OS xxx
	These provide exception handling and other low level ABI related capabilities
	

